Generic
What year are you currently in?
What is your major?
When did you graduate?
How many years of experience do you have?
Where did you go to school?

Resources
Have you ever used leetcode?
Have you ever used the Blind75?
Have you ever used Sean Prashads list?
Have you ever used youtube?
What channels were the most helpful?
Have you ever used Grokking the Coding Interview?
Do you pay for any of these services?
What other resources have you used to prepare for technicals?

Leetcode
How comfortable are you with leetcode easys?
How comfortable are you with leetcode medium?
How comfortable are you with leetcode hard?
Do you notice patterns between the leetcode problems?
What is the hardest topic? (data structure, algorithm, pattern, etc)

Stress
What stresses you out most about the technical interview preparation?
Do you feel prepared before technical interviews?
How would you rate/describe your mental health during interview prep?
What is your end goal when considering a future career?
->could either delve into their career choice
->or could delve into other things like good work-life balance, money, remote work, nice house, etc

Habits
How many hours do you study a day/week/etc?
What is your study session designed like?
  Try the problem by yourself without aid then look at the answer?
  Try and study the answer to remember?
Have you done mock interviews?
   If so, how many?
Have you sought after one-on-one tutoring for technical prep?

School
Did your undergraduate courses help prepare you?
If so, what courses?
If not, what courses would you like to see added?
How comfortable are you with data structures and algorithms?

Interview
Are you comfortable with whiteboard interviews?
Do you prefer remote technicals with the camera off or in person?
How often do you ask your interviewer questions?
Has your interviewer helped you when you were stuck?
Have you ever interviewed at a FAANG company before?
What concepts are the hardest to prepare for?

Goals -> ?
Is a FAANG company your goal?
What specific company are you interested in?
What sector would you like to work in?
->tech, gov, finance, etc





